README.md, before:


![GDPglobal App logo](src/img/global-icon.png)

# GDPglobal

SPA data visualizer created in React. Shows financial data for over 200 nations around the world. Have the financial information for almost every country on planet earth with a few swipes and clicks on your screen. App currently does not work in the Internet Explorer Browser.

###  Current data it provides:

- Exports per year in thousands of $US dollars
- GDP per year in thousands of $US dollars
- Imports per year in thousands of $US dollars

### Source

- [World Bank/WITS](https://wits.worldbank.org/countrystats.aspx?lang=en)

#### How to use


1. Clone repo into desired directory ```https://github.com/Toughee/GDPglobal.git``` or ```gh repo clone Toughee/GDPglobal```
2. Run ```npm install``` to install all app node modules and dependencies
3. Run ```yarn start``` to run app on http://localhost:3000/

### Future data which I would include:

- [ ] Current Human Development Index per country
- [ ] Capital city for each country
- [ ] Trade growth percentage

### Future app updates and goals: 

- [ ] Improve nation selection

#### Project resources:

[Current roadmap for app](https://github.com/Toughee/GDPglobal/projects/1)
[Wiki page for app](https://github.com/Toughee/GDPglobal/wiki)
[Documentation for project contributors](https://github.com/Toughee/GDPglobal/tree/master/docs)

Commit message:

GDPglobal/031/CI_scripts_and_dependencies_update - Updated node modules and committed audit fixes - Added initial CircleCI and TravisCI files for continuous integration testing - Updated outdated browserlist node module inside app

README.md, after:


![GDPglobal App logo](src/img/global-icon.png)

# GDPglobal

SPA data visualizer created in React. Shows financial data for over 200 nations around the world. Have the financial information for almost every country on planet earth with a few swipes and clicks on your screen. App currently does not work for Internet Explorer Browser.

###  Current data it provides:

- Exports per year in thousands of $US dollars
- GDP per year in thousands of $US dollars
- Imports per year in thousands of $US dollars

### Source

- [World Bank/WITS](https://wits.worldbank.org/countrystats.aspx?lang=en)

#### How to use

1. Clone repo into desired directory ```https://github.com/Toughee/GDPglobal.git``` or ```gh repo clone Toughee/GDPglobal```
2. Run ```npm install``` to install all app node modules and dependencies
3. Run ```yarn start``` to run app on http://localhost:3000/

### Future data which I would include:

- [ ] Current Human Development Index per country
- [ ] Capital city for each country
- [ ] Trade growth percentage
- [x] Include CircleCI and Travis-CI inside project
- [ ] Improve current tests inside app

### Future app updates and goals: 

- [ ] Improve nation selection

#### Project resources:

- [Current roadmap for app](https://github.com/Toughee/GDPglobal/projects/1)
- [Wiki page for app](https://github.com/Toughee/GDPglobal/wiki)
- [Documentation for project contributors](https://github.com/Toughee/GDPglobal/tree/master/docs)
